---
title:  "Adventures in Austin"
---

Since moving to Austin I’ve loved every second of it. The food is great whether you choose to go to a restaurant or a food truck. The people are very friendly which has made it easier to settle into the city. There’s always a good concert or jazz hall to go to if I’m in the mood. Austin has just about anything you can think of to do if you go out of your way to look.

If your looking for fun bars you can find pretty much what ever crowd you want to be around; You have Rainey street where they have gutted out a couple blocks of houses and turned them into some really cool bars with back yards. One of which is made out of metal storage containers. You have East sixth if you want to hang out sit down and relax, or go dancing and do some Texas two steppin. If your feeling like dressing up a bit more you have a lot of fun bars/lounges on west sixth which is always a good time. But if your looking for something a little more wild and crazy you have “dirty sixth”, located in-between east and west sixth, where a lot of the kids from the University of Texas go to and a whole lot of bachelorette parties as well. If your looking for something different and want to see some local artists, meet some cool new people, or just want to relax and let loose with nobody judging you at all you have to try out South Congress. Another great street for the same kind of feel is South Lamar and if you go out of your way to look there are some bars that are real diamonds there. If you want to catch a good game that might be on there are some great sports bars sprinkled on each of those streets as well. You have Bender bar right after the end of South Congress, Docs on South Congress, Black Sheep Lodge on Lamar, Little Woodrow’s on Sixth, and another great one just a little further north is Haymaker on Manor Road. Those are just some of the fun places that Austin has to offer.

If your not really into the bar scene there are so many more places to go. The Domain up a little more north in Austin is a great time. It has everything from Top Golf, which is one of my favorites, to an awesome mall which has just about everything around it. another great place in Austin, for when it’s warm, is Barton Springs. Barton Springs is located in Zilker Park and is a natural spring part of which they made into a man-made recreational swimming pool. One last place I’m going to list is the Green Belt. The Green Belt is such a beautiful wooded area where you can go biking, hiking, swimming, or rock climbing. I personally love rock climbing and there isn’t a better more beautiful place to do it.