---
title:  "My Journey to Austin"
---



I was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia. After going to college in Business at the University of Mississippi, I came back home to hunt for a job, but wasn’t finding options that I felt really passionate about. I had been a novice coder and designer for a while, but it had been nothing more than a hobby for me. This is when I decided to take advantage of one of the top mobile development courses in the country at the Iron Yard in Atlanta. While there, I learned everything about creating native IOS apps in the Swift and Objective-C language. Shortly after completing the program, I began freelancing. 

After finding success following the Iron Yard, after doing some freelance work, I elected to take a second intensive course on User Interface Design design a year later. Completing the User Interface Design program has complemented my expertise as a mobile developer and has also made me a much more skilled designer. Having the ability to understand both design and development makes me a unique asset to the technology world being able to bridge the gap between misunderstandings that designers and developers constantly have. 

By 2015, I wanted to find a more permanent job and was also interested in experiencing life in a different city. My decision was made easy when I visited Austin Texas and soon after I had moved down. Now that I have all of these abilities and live in a city with such a solid tech scene; I'm looking forward to seeing what the future holds! 